there everything good that is the fall of canada to
Brazilians and today I 'm here in the
of Cuba in the western region.
a residential area that is in the center
of the city
but the reason is that the video process to
you see the arrival of autumn as
the leaves are falling as is getting
in the city
and I think the camera is a bit
pie are second
Good, I think it's okay going on now.
Excuse of the year for Paul
I have here an extension that is an area
home so if you're coming
study English and one is in some
school here from the center of the stage to leave
or stay deep 10 15 minutes to
of the schools is dependent on the
School location but it is the main
reason you see the trees and the
sheets
the yoguland arrival of the good time not
live and still gonna get worse
enough because all this is going to fall so
city ​​hall has a very large work
and the people themselves are the
maintenance of the buildings have a
too large to remove these leaves from the
on the street then just so you have a notion
of values ​​in this intention to live here
in the center and I came back to have you
idea here the new apartment by a
room they are there around from
950 US dollars to us by amounts to thousand
300 dollars
I have a friend that he does not pay 180
dollars although the treatment of a room
and my parents also live in the region
he their apartment I think if not
I'm mistaken one thousand and three hundred a month.
the flat is basic there concludes
on the river is furnished but the stove
refrigerator
then this price may vary slightly
depending on the condition of the apartment
apartment type but it is more or less
that you would not be paying here
now if you do not mind dating
in downtown approximately 20 minutes
Metro Nene here them today 20:30
months you'd be paying is less or
by that same value in the range of 200 and
could be evil and is more spacious 24
apartment is newer and here we are
It's coming in the davis done that has another
beautiful to show that there are some
apartments that I can take a step
across the street to give you an idea of ​​the price
crossing the dave these apartments
team for this better behavior
in this block
The one you see is costing
around thousand and 100 thousand to two hundred thousand
$ 200 per month
completely a pact
and here is also a very close region
of the mirror she falls
if I'm not mistaken, I've already been there
Street
in another video I did here downtown
I will not turn left here to change
a bit and also to show that the
Autumn trees 90
certainly are in the range of that
The value I just spoke of is a
Very good place if you do not mind
in paying a little more the better place
is a very popular region here in my
left a picture of messi that is mine
Left is already investing on a beach
From Rio
so it's because of this video of today it's just me
I'll still make another video, I'm going.
make the days now then the if you
liked the videos of the jewelry puts a
comment with sharing and thank you
see you next time